Docusaurus improvements (#416)
oramasearch/orama: packages/docs/pages/usage/insert.mdx

To provide a custom ID for a document, see the [components](/internals/components) page.

<Callout type="warning">If you try to insert two documents with the same ID, Orama will throw an error.</Callout>

## Remote document storing

By default Orama keeps a copy of the inserted document in memory (and in the serialized data) to speed up search performance.

If this is not acceptable, you can provide a custom `documentsStore` components which will be responsible to store
and fetch documents from another location (local or remote).

> The code example below is a blueprint of a possible implementation.

Reviewer: Be more practical:

```suggestion
The code example below is an example that implements a proxy: when a document is requested, the code finds it on a location of the filesystem.
You can replace the file reading with your custom code.
```

Could you change the doce below accordingly? Something like
```
JSON.parse(await fs.readFile(path.join(ROOT_LOCATION, id)))
```

Could you put a note for the performance issue?

Reviewer 2: +1

Author: Fixed.

```javascript copy
import { create } from '@orama/orama'
import { documentsStore as defaultDocumentsStore } from '@orama/orama/components'
 
const store = await defaultDocumentsStore.createDocumentsStore()
const movieDB = await create({
  schema: {
    title: 'string',
    director: 'string',
  },
  components: {
    // override partially the default documents store
    documentsStore: {
      create() {
        return { count: 0 }
      },
      get(store, id) {
        /*
          The ID argument is the final ID chosen by Orama for the document, as described in the
          "Custom document IDs" above.

          The function below can return a promise.
        */
        return yourDataSource.get(id)
      },
      getMultiple() {
        /*
          The ID argument is the final ID chosen by Orama for the document, as described in the
          "Custom document IDs" above.

          The function below can return a promise.
        */

>         return yourDataSource.getMultiple(id)

Reviewer: where id came from?

Author: Fixed.
